README.md, before:

<img src="https://www.docker.com/sites/default/files/vertical_large.png" height="50px" width="auto">

## DOCKERFILE

### :sparkles: Getting started

Start with editing the `Dockerfile`, replacing the original repository link with the one of the fork you would like to use at [line 31](https://github.com/PFE1718/dockerfile/blob/master/Dockerfile#L31).

Move to the root of the project folder and run the following command to build the new Docker image :

```bash
docker build -t mycroft-core:0.1 .
```

Then create a new container with your newly created image and start mycroft :

```bash
docker run -i -t mycroft-core:0.1 sudo ./start-mycroft.sh debug
```

### :postbox: Push your Docker image

> If you've not already done it before, you need to `export DOCKER_ID_USER="pfe1718"` before running any of the following commands

I would recommend to only build your own image and push it then to the [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) registry. To do so, build your image with another image name (eg. `mycroft-{your-name}`), and run the following command to find the image `id` :

```bash
docker image list
```

Pick up the id of the desired image and run :

```bash
docker tag {image_id} $DOCKER_ID_USER/{branch} && docker push $DOCKER_ID_USER/{branch}
```

Anyone will then be able to run the following command to start your image locally :

```bash
docker run -i -t pfe1718/{branch}:latest sudo ./start-mycroft.sh debug
```

Commit message:

Added shared volume for skills

README.md, after:

<img src="https://www.docker.com/sites/default/files/vertical_large.png" height="50px" width="auto">

## DOCKERFILE

### :zap: Understand

During the development period, you would like to be able to link you local skills to mycroft. To do so, you only need to create a folder at the root of the project called `skills`, and to add all the required skills to it. This folder is actually linked to `/opt/mycroft/skills` and will be filled with all the available skills on mycroft's startup. However your skills will not be erased and available when you will start the service.

### :sparkles: Getting started

Move to the root of the project folder and run the following command to build the new Docker image :

```bash
docker-compose build
```

You can then run the service :

```bash
docker-compose run mycroft sudo ./start-mycroft.sh debug
```

### :hammer: Debugging

If you need to dynamically edit the code, the best way to proceed would be the following :

First, run :

```bash
docker-compose run mycroft bash
```

Then, you can edit your files on the host and start mycroft when need with :

```bash
sudo ./start-mycroft.sh debug
```

Leave it with `ctrl+c`.

Replay.

### :bulb: Reminder

Remind to pair your device asking `pair my device` to mycroft and adding the token to your [Mycroft profile](https://home.mycroft.ai/#/device/).
